we have inflation of all kinds riding
too high this is experienced by people
going to the store people buying
Services real information that won't
show up in the data and why is that the
case it's because I have heard from you
no matter where you are in the world a
thousand times before Oh I'm buying that
let's just say can of beans however even
though the price has gone up let's say a
small amount but that can is now half
the size the same with the bag of this
and the same with the jar of that it's
always the same they get you one way
shape or form just like your services oh
it used to include 10 different things
now with only two things all of the
bonuses I used to get oh that's all gone
when you go and you go to tip look at
that screen they give you I go to buy an
espresso and immediately I'm getting
choices of tip for you know four
different things it doesn't make any
sense What's Happening Here